jothee well later today the evil
Spellbinders make a desperate attempt to
stop Paul returning to his own world
opportunity to destroy the universe as
we know it protector squads to yard
stations who's mr. effects favorite food
satsumas most ticklish spot behind her
lifts yes
ambition to save our planet well what is
going on here I do declare you can't
live on grass what you need is a
nutritious breakfast there are a hundred
and forty days of sunshine crammed into
every box of Kellogg's cornflakes so
every bowl is full of sunshine
no corners kick kick start your day with
Kellogg's cornflakes for some people
life can't be too smooth
which is why Galaxy created a caramel
that's super smooth why have the rough
when you can have the smooth
David Seaman throws the ball out to
Darren Anderson who chips it to Paul
Gascoigne turns knocks it on to david
platt our great voyages she rose in the
box it's the wackiest game show on your
TV screens Thursdays 22 5ci bitch crazy
cottage oh good are these facts belong
to the answer is intergalactic hello in
captain scenic join her on an adventure
Mouse or contestants leave their brains
at the